Add `no-array-method-this-argument` rule (#1357)
sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn: docs/rules/no-array-method-this-argument.md

> # Forbid using this argument in array methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Disallow using the `this` argument in array methods
```

> Forbid using the `thisArg` argument in array methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rule forbids using the `thisArg` argument in array methods:
```
